Hello friends like youtube
past I think good and good this in
this video I come to bring you a new
mode for your jeta san andrés this module
that is being a new one for your tea
is the need for speed this one that
is changing from the interface of
game changes in what is where are
your weapons are not the long ones that the
money as well as radar and
life and vest bars and good when
also this one includes when you press
the pe key is put in slow motion mode
like when you're playing a lot at speed
and he also has a speedometer and
now they will see how it looks after
install the first thing they have to do
download an ellipse I'll leave them in the
video description right click
run as administrator so already the
great downloaded
they look here where all this is was in
the territory will install
will send us to my YouTube channel
Pretty we do not want that
but if you want then visit and subscribe
We open the folder that you have left us and
well we copy these two files the one
says diagonal gta 4 diagonal hood and the
point and select it with
control
we press control and we do not select
we give in copy we go to the folder
of our gta san andreas
and we stick it
here he tells me to do this because I already
I have it
but you will always appear
usually
and good now
we go to the kernel folder for that
they need to have me say that the cla
four or three because I have three
but not 67 with the picture
if they want to install in three and well what
paste there is a folder the cla or copy and
replace good to me this looks like this
because I already have it as I told you
now we go to the model folder of the
and we copy the file that comes here
inside the tx folder of let's go to the
gta folder 15
and paste
as you already know I have it
and already have new installed for subject
san andrés I hope you liked it
the video
and now he opens a small
demonstration of how they were left if they have
some doubt then comment the video of the
doubt they have and then do not forget
subscribe give like comment and we
we see until the next tutorial
i
is
Y
ah
more
yes